QCafe
QCaf&eacute;
6530 Kissena Blvd
Queens
NY
11367-1597

Hours of Operation
Monday
8am &ndash; 12pm
Tuesday
8am &ndash; 12pm
Wednesday
8am &ndash; 12pm
Thursday
8am &ndash; 12pm
Friday
8am &ndash; 2pm
Saturday
8am &ndash; 2pm
Sunday
8am &ndash; 10pm

Happy Hour
Tuesdays
12am &ndash; 4pm
Thursdays
12am &ndash; 4pm

A happy hour menu can be found here

https://www.facebook.com/Qeats

QCaf&eacute; Picture
A Convenient Location for some Great Food

On behalf of the entire dining services team, I am delighted to welcome you to Queens College for the 2017-2018 academic year. We are looking forward to the exciting year ahead!
We feel that we have one of the finest dining programs around, with great food and plenty of special events, innovative promotions, and fun.
Queens College Dining Services is committed to providing quality food and excellent service. Our guarantee to you is that we will do everything possible to ensure your satisfaction. If you have any comments, concerns, suggestions, or praise about your dining experience, or need any special assistance, please let us know. Simply speak with a dining services manager, send us an email, or fill out a comment card available in all of our dining locations.

Specials
Bison Burger
American buffalo burger made with ground buffalo meat, topped with lettuce, tomato and cheese.

Q Classic Spaghetti
Flavorful four cheese sauce spaghetti.

Premium Cobb Salad
Bacon, avocado, chicken breast, tomato, hard boiled egg, chives, arranged on a bed of lettuce and watercress.

Everyday Value

BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich
Tofu Tacos
Buffalo Cauliflower Wrap
Ham & Cheese
Caesar Salad
Mac & Cheese

Beer of The Month - Brother Benedict’s Bock
The traditional German bock emphasizes medium to strong malty flavor. While some hoppiness can be detectable, it should be minimal in the taste and aroma. A bock beer has a firm caramel body, clean finish, deep copper to dark brown color, and be medium to full-bodied.

Testimonials

Somebody ask me if I wanted to grab a quick bite and it was the closest option.
— Maurice (Senior) Maurice

I guess the food is edible
— Jacqueline (Junior) Jacqueline

Sometimes the Halal stand is just too far away.
— Mark (Freshmen) Mark

Copyright YourName &copy; All Rights Reserved
